I'll focus max from zero max calm so
today we're going to talk about some
accessories for your Android smartphone
whether you have a Nexus S or a Troy -
or HTC EVO or a palm 3/3 or Palm Pre -
everyone whatever you have you're going
to need a micro USB cable which is this
gonna here and you know don't buy these
have to store when you get the phone
just order them on Amazon they usually
come with one free one but you might
need an extra one for your car your work
in case you lose it because if you go to
like Best Buy you're gonna feel like
five bucks ten bucks
you know these there's no difference
between paying ten bucks for a micro USB
cable versus paying you know a dollar on
the Amazon I'll have links below and
also if you want to get the best prices
on micro HDMI cable which is popular
among the newer phones such as the Atrix
4G or the Evo 4G or the Evo 3d which is
going to come out in a couple days you
can get this on Amazon for a dollar HDMI
cable there's absolutely no difference
between a dollar a CMI cable versus one
that cost 20 bucks from monster cables
they're all the same thing so just get
it on the Amazon I'll have links below I
just wanted you know alert those of you
guys who don't know there's no
difference because these sub cables are
digital before like 10 20 years ago 20
years ago everything was analog and you
know you get interference from stuff
that digital not so likely because it's
based on one and zeros anyway I've got
some cool videos coming up my next one's
going to be on Android dummies how to
connect your Wii mote to your Android
phone and then I've got another overview
of signage m7 mod mod 7 and also Mickey
gingerbread 2.0 is out so I'll have that
too so stay tuned and tell your friends
to watch my channel
all right thanks co-leader